life was hard before these three things
the ability to hold a front split
position which may seem like Overkill
but all it really takes is one little
slip and oops no more walking for the
next six months next the ability to
breathe this one seems very obvious but
as a severe asthmatic something as
simple as the ability to run seems like
a superpower because I couldn't breathe
but it turns out even asthmatics can
improve cardiovascular health with
living a healthy lifestyle avoiding
allergens and breathing practice miasma
is definitely not gone but I'm proud to
say that it's much more manageable than
it used to be and lastly the ability to
back bend because if you could do this
your back is probably pretty healthy and
probably pain-free stay flexy